# ITC-ASSIGNMENT-
The aim of this project is to improve the business operations and dialy functions of Ayesha Beauty Creation.
The project is simply a breakdown of an application that Ayesha Beauty Creation is to use for their business operations such as taking in orders,organising appointments set by the customers,use it as a medium of advertising promotions and sales to potential customers and allow the Beauty  Creation managers to monitor the dialy incomes and profit they have made.
It aims to create a relationship between the creation and the customers, so that there would be a closer interdependence between the two factors.
The application has modules which will help the customer navigate the application and have a better understanding, such as the sales, appointments,orders,customers,services,specials,book online,products,contacts and search.Each of them has sub modules whichh are broken down.
Under the sales we have have all the products that are sold at the salon and these include the hair,skin and nail products,these products are not only sold at the salon but they can be purchased online and delivered using the delivery svice that we have.
We also have the appointment module which helps customers to set dates and times when they want to come and have their services done at the salon,this sets order and helps to avoid having so many people at the saloon waiting and not having thier services done on time.
The app also has the orders module which also displays the products available and their prices, this one helps the customers to order products even from long distances and shows them how these producvts will be delivered.
In order to use this app a customer needs to have an account with the app and so we have created a customer module that has a profile under it,the profile must have all the customer login details such as a username and password,this will make it easier for the customer to access the app and it'll help the salon to monitor these customers and see what their favorite products and services are.
Another module that we have is the services module,this is actually one of the first modules that we see when we login on the app,it basically shows the services offered at the salon and ofcourse it has the three main services which are the hair,nails and the facials.This module also has a gallery that shows some pictures and videos of work that has been done at the salon,this helps the customers to atleast know what to expect when going there for appointments.
The other module that we have is the search module,this one helps anyone who logs in and is not able to find something on the app, they can easily just click search and type whatever they are looking for in the search bar.
The application also provides specials,this one will mostly involve regular customers and it will have some sort of discount code if a product or service has been purchased more than three times then they can have a 15% discount, but for our new customers we have gift cards and vouchers.
in order for clients to get in touch with us easily we have a contact us module where we put our emails and our telephone number,that way our customers will be able to reach us anywhere at anytime.
The app also seeks to impove the lives of employees at the salon and so we have a human resource module where employees can also login on the app and have their salaries integreted on time through the help of payroll management,they will also need to have accounts on the app , that way they will need to be always paid cash but also electronically direct to their bank accounts ,this feature will only be accesed by the employers and employees
